The following are the most frequently asked questions of Numera Product 
Support. If you do not see your particular question listed here, please feel 
free to contact us by phone at (206) 292-TECH or by fax at (206) 622-5383. 
We can also be reached via email at prodsup@numera.com, or on our Web 
page, www.numera.com.

1)	My Truetype fonts print at the wrong rotation.

With some printers, Truetype fonts will print at the negative of their 
rotation angle set on the drawing. To correct this, close Visual CADD 
and open the registry editor, located in your \Windows\ directory . (You 
can just double click on the regedit file from Explorer or File Manager 
and it will open automatically).  Double click on 
HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Numera\Visual CADD\2.0\Print 
Settings, and double click on TT Rotate. Change the value from 0 to 1.  
Close the registry editor and restart Visual CADD 2.0.  Truetype 
rotation problems should now be corrected.

2)	How do I set up a plotter in Windows?

When plotting to a serial device within Windows and not using the 
Visual CADD 2.0 plotter driver, the following general settings should 
be set up for the plotter driver. However, if you encounter problems, 
please refer to your plotter documentation or contact your plotter 
manufacturer for specifics regarding Windows communication.  Make 
sure your plotter is set as a printing device in Control Panel, Printers.

These settings apply to serial devices only and can be set in Control 
Panel, Printers, Connect:

Baud Rate: 	9600
Data Bits:  8
Parity:     None
Stop Bits: 	1
Handshake:	Hardware
 
If you are using the Roland plotter driver 1.02, please turn off display 
of linewidths from Utility, Settings, System, Display. There is a 
problem sending Windows generated linewidths to this plotter driver.

3)	My fonts don't plot the way they look on the screen

If your are using Truetype fonts, they will not plot to an HPGL device 
and some other Vector devices. When a drawing is sent to the plotter or 
output device, the fonts will be translated to a plotter font by the plotter 
driver. (One of the side effects of this is the translated fonts do not 
rotate and appear in one direction only.) To correct this, use Visual 
CADD's vector fonts.

4)	My fonts don't rotate on my plotter

Truetype fonts when sent to a vector device such as HPGL plotters, will 
not rotate correctly. To correct this, use Visual CADD's vector fonts.

5)	Part of my drawing does not print.

This can be for several reasons. First, if you are printing a color 
drawing to a monochrome device, some of the lighter hued colors, such 
as yellow and cyan, will be dithered.  These colors will print as dotted 
or light gray or sometimes not at all. To correct this, choose “ALL 
COLORS TO BLACK” located in Visual CADD's Print dialog.  
Second, LaserJets with less than a 1.5 MB of printer memory, will not 
be able to print a page of graphics at 300 dpi. This often is exhibited as 
only half or part of the drawing being printed. 

6)	I get a blank page when I print.

This can happen for several reasons. If you are printing to a laser 
printer, make sure the printer is physically in PORTRAIT mode (even if 
you are printing in landscape). This can generally be set on the printer 
itself. Also make sure the drawing is setup to print on the page. Check 
this by clicking on the "PREVIEW" button. Fit to Page and Center 
Drawing will automatically fit  the drawing to the current paper size.

7)	I get an Error 21/Print Overrun on my HP LaserJet 4.

This error tends to happen when sending graphics to an HP 4 in 
HPGL/2 mode. To correct this, click on Print Setup, Options, Options 
and change the Graphics mode to RASTER. 

8)	The icons on my tool palette disappear after a while.

Programs that reprogram or control mouse buttons, such as Logitech's 
LogiButtons(tm), can interfere with Visual CADD's icon display. To 
correct this, disable the mouse program.

9)	How to stop a redraw?

The ESCAPE key will generally stop a redraw. 

10)	I cannot select an object.

Your search tolerance may be set to 0, which would make it impossible 
to select a single object without using a Windows or Crossing method. 
To correct this, make sure the search tolerance has not been set to 0, in 
the System tab under Utilities menu, Settings. 

11)	How do I change my default tool?

The default Visual CADD tool can be changed in the Utilities Menu, 
Settings, System tab. 

12)	I can't snap to an object.

This could conceivably happen for several reasons. First, if All Layer 
Edit or Snap All Layers has been toggled off, only entities on the 
current layer may be snapped to or edited. These options are located in 
the General tab under Utilities, Settings.

13)	My objects disappear upon redraw.

The objects are probably on a hidden layer. To check this, open the 
Layer Manager and display all layers then redraw again.

14)	I've programmed NP to my third mouse button using Assign Script.  
When I use one of the shortcuts (WE, WM, etc.), it does not function.  Why?

The shortcuts, WE, WM, OE etc., are in fact scripts themselves and 
Visual CADD does not have the capability to run a script within a 
script. To correct this, reassign the third mouse button and use the 
default of SHIFT-RMOUSE or RMOUSE. 

